this ridiculous play is used by the
occupation forces to cover up their
claims it became clear to everyone the
lies of the occupation and the US
Administration which promoted those
claims without giving evidence are a few
rifles and a military uniform and a shoe
which were brought in by the occupation
forces to the MRI room does all of them
make it a command center for Alan
brigades
look at these boxes look closer at the
label cameras filmed Israeli forces
entering the hospital with these boxes
the next photo exposes them these are
the boxes the forces carried into the
hospital and this is the same label on
the box from the previous photo they
brought weapons from other places and
put it in the rooms of the hospital to
claim these are the weapons found in
alifa hospital